[Music]
and the Lord spoke to Moses speak to the
children of Israel and say to them the
feasts of the Lord which you shall
proclaim to be holy convocations these
are my feasts six days shall work be
done but the seventh day is a Sabbath of
solemn rest a holy convocation you shall
do no work on it it is the Sabbath of
the Lord in all your dwellings these are
the feasts of the Lord holy convocations
which you shall proclaim at their
appointed times on the 14th day of the
first month at twilight is the Lord's
Passover and on the fifteenth day of the
same month is the feast of unleavened
bread to the Lord seven days you must
eat unleavened bread on the first day
you shall have a holy convocation you
shall do no customary work on it but you
shall offer an offering made by fire to
the Lord for seven days the seventh day
shall be a holy convocation you shall do
no customary work on it speak to the
children of Israel and say to them when
you come into the land which I give to
you and reap its harvest then you shall
bring a sheaf of the first fruits of
your harvest to the priest he shall wave
the sheaf before the Lord to be accepted
on your behalf on the day after the
Sabbath the priest shall wave it and you
shall offer on that day when you wave
the sheaf a male lamb of the first year
without blemish as a burnt offering to
the Lord its grain offering shall be
two-tenths of an ephah of fine flour
mixed with oil an offering made by fire
to the Lord for a sweet aroma
and it's drink offering shall be of wine
1/4 of a hint usually 2 neither bread
nor parched grain North fresh grain
until the same day that you have brought
an offering to your God
it shall be a statute forever throughout
your generations in all your dwellings
and you shall count for yourselves from
the day after the Sabbath from the day
that you brought the sheaf of the wave
offering seven Sabbath's shall be
completed count fifty days to the day
after the seventh Sabbath then you shall
offer a new grain offering to the Lord
you shall bring from your dwellings two
wave loaves of two tenths of an ephah
they shall be a fine flour they shall be
baked with leaven they are the first
fruits to the Lord and you shall offer
with the bread seven lambs of the first
year without blemish one young bull and
two Rams they shall be as a burnt
offering to the Lord with their grain
offering and their drink offerings an
offering made by fire for a sweet aroma
to the Lord then you shall sacrifice one
kid of the goats as a sin offering and
to male lambs of the first year as a
sacrifice of a peace offering the priest
shall wave them with the bread of the
firstfruits as a wave offering before
the Lord with the two lambs they shall
be holy to the law for the priest
and you shall proclaim on the same day
that it is our holy convocation to you
you shall do no customary work on it it
shall be a statute for ever in all your
dwellings throughout your generations
when you reap the harvest of your land
you shall not wholly reap the corners of
your field when you reap nor shall you
gather any gleaning from your harvest
you shall leave them for the poor and
for the stranger I am the Lord your God
from the Lord spoke to Moses speak to
the children of Israel saying in the
seventh month on the first day of the
month you shall have a Sabbath rest a
memorial of blowing of trumpets a holy
convocation you shall do no customary
work on it and you shall offer an
offering made by fire to the Lord also
the tenth day of this seventh month
shall be the Day of Atonement it shall
be a holy convocation for you you shall
afflict your souls and offer an offering
made by fire to the Lord and you shall
do no work on that same day for it is
the Day of Atonement to make atonement
for you before the Lord your God for any
person who is not afflicted in soul on
that same day shall be cut off from his
people and any person who does any work
on that same day that person I will
destroy from among his people you shall
do no manner of work it shall be a
statute forever throughout your
generations in all your dwellings it
shall be to you a Sabbath of solemn rest
and you shall afflict your souls
on the 9th day of the month at evening
from evening to evening you shall
celebrate your Sabbath Ram the Lord
spoke to Moses speak to the children of
Israel saying the fifteenth day of this
seventh month shall be the feast of
tabernacles for seven days to the Lord
on the first day there shall be a holy
convocation you shall do no customary
work on it for seven days you shall
offer an offering made by fire to the
Lord on the eighth day you shall have a
holy convocation and you shall offer an
offering made by fire to the Lord it is
a sacred assembly and you shall do no
customary work on it
these are the feasts of the Lord which
you shall proclaim to be holy
convocations to offer an offering made
by fire to the Lord the burnt offering
and a grain offering a sacrifice and
drink offerings everything on its day
besides the Sabbath's of the Lord
besides your gifts besides all your vows
and besides all your freewill offerings
which you give to the Lord also on the
fifteenth day of the seventh month when
you have gathered in the fruit of the
land you shall keep the Feast of the
Lord for seven days on the first day
there shall be a Sabbath rest and on the
eighth day a Sabbath rest and you shall
take for yourselves on the first day the
fruit of beautiful trees branches of
palm trees the boughs of leafy trees and
willows of the brook and you shall
rejoice before the Lord your God for
seven days you shall keep it as a feast
to the Lord for seven days in the year
it shall be a statute forever in your
generations you shall celebrate it in
the seventh month you shall dwell in
booze for seven days all who are Native
Israelites shall dwell in booths that
your generations may know that I made
the children of Israel twelve in booths
when I brought them out of the land of
Egypt I am the Lord your God
[Music]
you